Review
 Everything from the weather	 staff	 food	 property	 fire pits	 décor	 spa	 rooms and beach were top notch
"The hotel it is fantastic built by the sea, living together with nature. Environment it is great as well as people and service.
We full enjoyed the place, and facilities.
Thanks for the ""cidreira"" and ""madalenas"" tea at reception"
One dream! Cozy  and comfortable Hotel!  The best personalized one! All the employees are congratulated! Very nice taste	 since reception to the end of the stay! We were welcome with tea and cake	 as I have gluten aversion		 all the employees already knew and were waiting carefully. At night	 we were received in the fire pits	 with some wine and all the guests were invited to participate and interact.
"Hotel concept is hard to grasp. They communicate environmental sustainability, through fashionable buzzwords like upcycling but they use pillows made out of duck feathers!?!
Pricing is utterly ridiculous, for what you get.
Breakfast has high-quality products, but it lacks in choice.
Service is friendly, although ""too friendly"" at times.
Overall experience was ok, but you can get much better alternatives for lower prices."
This is a wonderful hotel	 for a romantic escape. Every room has a theme	 and is incredible	 overlooking the sea	 the sustainable concept of the hotel is excellent	 modern design	 the staff and owners will make your stay memorable! You will have to make a toast with the free red wine around the bonfire!
Gold room fantastic. We loved and we will come back!
One of the best Hotels in the world	 and in the treatment is the best!!! Room Mi Ma Bo is fantastic! Poetry all over the place.
 Land Room is wonderful! An amazing place	 as something special. We have loved it and we hope to come back here soon!!
 One of the greatest meals ever. Everything was fantastic! Since the special attention in the treatment	 every single details thought about the room in order to create a cozy environment all over the place.
     A peaceful place	 built with a lot of taste and excellent service. Congratulations	 we will come back for sure.
     Thank you for a wonderful stay! Very sad to be going home!
     It's one of the most beautiful places we have been to - magical world. Speechless & full of grace… Thanks to the team of Areias do Seixo for this wonderful stay!
     Thanks for the stay in this wonderful Hotel.
     A five star stay	 starting by people to the stay itself. See you soon.
     One dream. Coming back again is not even a question. Yes	 loved the whole experience. The staff was excellent. Many congrats!   Only feedback would be to expand the cocktail selection.
Joana: thank you for being always available. Claudia: thank you for your grace and support Filipe: thank you for your smile and joy for life. Kiki: your bread is to die for and your care and through your green goddess juice was touching, as well as your presence and power. Leonardo: thank you for creative flair and for accommodating our special requests in a natural way making us feel at home. Maria: thank you for your senility in asking "May I enter?" and for always carrying a warm smile. Sergio: your cave and warmth was a gift    Our gratitude to you all for all that you give. Thank you Areas Do Seixo for all of your light, your giving, your spaciousness and timelessness. We felt genuinely cared for from a place of love and generosity, far beyond the call of duty. From the interior design to the food, from the sunlight to the connection with nature, everything seems to be riding on a very special energy. If Heaven now and then touches the Earth, it does at Areas Do Seixo.
     We had a truly memorable and delightful stay at Areas do Seixo. After some difficulty in finding it (GPS was helpful), we knew the moment we walked in that this was a special place. The sign for the turn off was quite small; the front door was locked, but immediately opened. Definitely a secluded retreat on a holiday weekend (we checked in on Jan. 1). The seating at the check in desk was swings. Below the clear floors was water. Through the windows you could see the grass roofs of the below-street-level rooms. Each room is unique, we were told. Ours featured a bathroom with a sunken tub/shower, a window for a ceiling, an olive tree growing, and a fireplace. You get the idea. It may not be for everyone, but for us, we got our money's worth. We appreciate innovation, design, beauty, and seclusion. Areas do Seixo had it all. Look at the photos and see if it might be for you too. It is a splurge for sure. But they deliver. For us, Post Ranch Inn in Big Sur, California is the only place that has come close. One note: thank goodness for TripAdvisor's quote service - we found the room only on Despegar.com, which we found from TripAdvisor.